Question 1: Explain what JavaScript is and its role in web development ?
 
 Ans : java script is highlevel programming language. it is used to build web application 
       it is a scripting language it is run by web browser not in web server.

        In web development it is used to add interactivity and dynamic elements to website.
        allows developers to create reponsive interface, handles user interaction. and update web page
        without full page reload.

Question 2: Explain the key differences between JavaScript and HTML. Provide examples of situations where
you would use each.  

Ans  : The basic key difference is that java script is a programming language and Html is a markup language.
       html is used to create the skeleton of a website it defines heading , nav bar etc.
        and through javascript we can manipulate the html and css.
       
       example use Html: if i need to create a register page in that input field are required for that input 
       field i will use html input tag.

       example use of java script : after creating those input field for validate those input field i will use 
       javascript.

Question 3: List and describe the five primitive data types in JavaScript.

Ans : Five primitive datatypes are :1)String 
                                    2)Number
                                    3)Boolean
                                    4)Undefined
                                    5)Null
        String : strings combination of alphanumeric character wrapped in either single or double quote.
         Ex:"PwSkill"

        Number:any number in javascript is consider as Number type including float and decimal.
        Ex: 12 , 1.3

         Boolean: it has only two values True and false
          Ex: true, false.

         Undefined: after declaring a variable if we dont keep any value then Undefined.
          Ex: let a;

          Null:It means nothing no value.
          Ex : let b=Null;

 Question 4: What is the purpose of declaring variables in JavaScript, and how do you declare them using the
'let' keyword?

Ans : The purpose of declearing variable is we can manipulate data through variable by keeping inside a variable.
    variables are kind of container.

    Ex: let a=10;


Question 5: Explain the importance of comments in JavaScript and provide examples of single-line and
multi-line comments. 

Ans:  Through comments we can write explation of a code.

Question 6: Explain the importance of choosing meaningful and descriptive variable names in JavaScript.
Provide an example where using a clear identifier improves code readability.

Ans : Through descriptive variable name the code will become readability. and even if some other persion is 
reading your code they also can understand easyliy. it can help while bug fix also.

Ex: // Non-descriptive variable names
function calculateArea(a, b) {
    return a * b;
}

// Descriptive variable names
function calculateRectangleArea(length, width) {
    return length * width;
}
